add tests to Software CI/CD docs (#1066)
astronomer/docs: software/ci-cd.md

If you would like to see a more complete working example please visit our [full example using Drone-CI](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-example-dags/blob/main/.drone.yml).

### Run unit tests

> Astronomer recommends adding a unit testing step to production pipelines after your build step to ensure that you don't push an image with breaking changes to your registry. To run basic unit tests, create a pipeline step to execute `docker run` and run `pytest tests` in a container based on your newly built image. Use the following format for the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For CI/CD pipelines that push code to a production Deployment, Astronomer recommends adding a unit test after the image build step to ensure that you don't push a Docker image with breaking changes. To run a basic unit test, add a step in your CI/CD pipeline that executes `docker run` and then runs `pytest tests` in a container that is based on your newly built image before it's pushed to your registry. Use the following format for the command:
```

Few minor wording suggestions here -- was getting confused on what was a CI/CD pipeline vs a DAG vs a Deployment

> For example, you can add the following command as a step in a [Drone](ci-cd.md#DroneCI) pipeline:

Reviewer: Typo here? I see two leading statements:

- `Use the following format for the command:`
- `For example,`

Did we miss the format one before example?

Author: good catch, removing the "following format" part since it's displayed in the example.

```bash

> docker run --rm registry.${BASE_DOMAIN}/${RELEASE_NAME}/airflow:ci-${DRONE_BUILD_NUMBER} /bin/bash -c "pytest tests"

Reviewer: Maybe add half a sentence that clarifies that these env vars were already set in your CI/CD tool
